java c SOSC1000. Research Essay Objective: Demonstrate your ability to think like a social scientist by using key concepts discussed within the foundations section of the course to support your research and analysis of a topic chosen by you. Topic: Open.  Select a social issue or concern that interests you (as your essay topic). Procedure: Select a topic that is particularly compelling to you.  You should be able to assert a position on your topic (your statement on a social issue, problem or concern) prior to conducting further research. As you determine your topic, consider the following:

    Why this topic or social issue is important to you?
    Why do you think it needs to be urgently addressed? Once you have established a focussed starting position, consider which concepts, introduced in foundations section of the course (i.e. assigned readings and lecture material Sept.10-Oct.8) would be most helpful to investigate your topic, develop your thinking, and formulate an argument to support the critical framework of your essay. Due in stages. Cumulative.  (Worth 40% of course grade. See course outline for due dates.) 3%       Essay topicselection  Proposal [Pre-Research] 15 %    Detailed Annotated Research Bibliography Outline 5 %      Working thesis, introduction, argument [Essay Draft] 7%       Poster Design.  Discussion and Peer Critique (in tutorial) 10 %    Final essay and 1 page report on the process. There are five steps, or stages to this essay assignment:
Topicselection  Proposal [Pre-research] ** October 8 by 5pm
Examine assignment objectives, identify a topic of interest, and tentative/preliminary thesis.
   Detailed Annotated Research Bibliography [Research] November 19 by 5pm
Produce a refined list of sources, cite in APA style,  specify use, contribution to essay, criteria for selection
  Working thesis, Introduction, Main argument [Essay Draft] January 28 by 5pm
Deliver a developed working thesis, and introduction with argument clearly set out.
   Poster Design, Discussion and Peer Critique (in tutorial) Week of February 25 in tutorial
11 x 17 poster to showcase your learning.  Explain, discuss, and collaborate to improve. 5. Final essay [Completed Essay] March 18 by 5pm
Presents the research essay in its final form, along with a 1-page report reflecting on the process. Working through these stages will help you learn the complex and demanding process of conducting academic research that is required to produce a university-level essay with an informed point ofview. •    Be sure to read and follow all instructions carefully. •    Submit each completed stage to the corresponding dropbox on the course eClass. •    Drop boxes will open one week in advance of the assignment due date to avoid confusion, and encourage students to await feedback before proceeding to next stage of the assignment. Unless otherwise advised, use standard font and spacing (12pt font, double-spaced).  APA citation style. SOSC1000. Research Essay. Stage 1: Pre-Research TOPICSELECTION PROPOSAL Worth 3%, Due October 8 by 5pm
  In your own words, explain the research essay assignment. (50-100 words) Take time to read the description of the assignment [see previous page],  and give it careful consideration.  What are you required to do, or include?  Why?  Demonstrate that you understand the aim or purpose of this research essay as a whole [by consulting the information provided on previous page].
  Do an initial organizational outline based on the assignment description/requirements (1 page) Identify 2-3 potential topics (social issues or concerns) to investigate.  Consider which social science concepts, theories or methods we have discussed in weeks 1-5 that might best facilitate this investigation. Work through, and consider,a few potential options or applications.
  Provide asuccinct summary of your selected topic and approach (1-2 sentences)What topic, or issue will you explore?  How will social science research be helpful to you?  Why?  Have a clear understanding of how, and which social science concepts will be particularly effective or relevant for your chosen topic. No ‘research’ is permitted for this statement of your initial position.
This statement represents a tentative thesis which will evolve as you research your topic and move toward the development of an ‘informed point of view’, which is also called an ‘argument’ . An informed point of view moves beyond opinion and is built on thoughtful and thorough investigation that takes account of the research and analysis done by scholars and experts. This exercise will prepare you to read your library resources more effectively.  Analysis of scholarly texts depends upon a full awareness of prior opinions which often shape how weread research. Grading criteria for Stage One: Tutorial leaders will be looking to see that you have demonstrated thoughtfulness re: identifying a social issue (topic) and carefully considered how, and which of the social science concepts or considerations discussed in the course thus far, you will incorporate into your research. Grade determination (allocation): 1 mark for accurate and effective explanation of research paper assignment (#1) 1 marks allocated for organizational outline (#2) 1 marks allocated for topic and approach (#3) → All components must be addressed to satisfy grade requirements.  Partial marks maybe applied. ***Please indicate the number of each component to ensure it is recognized, and a grade is applied. SOSC1000. Research Essay. Stage 2: Research  Process Annotated Bibliography and Outline Worth 15%, Due November 19 by 5pm For the research stage of the essay, students will develop a bibliography (read, annotate, and evaluate sources that will be used), re-examine and update their thesis and prepare an essay outline.  Submit:
  A bibliography of 4-7 sources that you will use to write your essay
    Identify the course material you will use from weeks 1-5, and at least 3 sources beyond the course.
    The 3 sources you select must be from academic or scholarly sources (i.e. ‘peer reviewed’ journals or books that have been published by a university press).  Remember: The purpose of essay writing at the university level is to demonstrate that you can conduct academic research and engage in academically informed discussion of your chosen topic.  Make this a priority.
    Identify each source separately using proper referencing in APA format.
  Annotations on 3 sources. Do not annotate the course material you will using.
    Annotations should be 2-3 paragraphs (300 words max) for each source.
    An annotation highlights key points and summarizes the arguments made in the text.  You will need to demonstrate that you have been thoughtful about your choice of material and can use  your own words to explain the key points or arguments that have been presented.
    For each source that you annotate, you will also be expected to answer the following questions: o Why have you chosen this source?  What criteria did you use for selection? o How will this source challenge or inform. your position? o Be specific about why/what makes this material relevant to the development of your thesis.
    It is important to take a range of perspectives into consideration as you formulate your argument. Do not rely too heavily on the same type of sources.  This suggests limited/poor research.
  Re-examine and update your thesis.
    Re-read the statement of your initial position, or tentative thesis from Stage 1.
    Do you want to adjust your statement, now that you have conducted some research on the topic? o Yes?  Explain why and in what ways.  Be specific and concrete. o No?  Consider why that might be.  Have you been able to identify opposing views?
    For an essay to be strong, it needs to be able to account for opposing views. 4.   Research Outline
    Develop a research outline based on the themes, concepts and arguments that have emerged from your research.  Indicate how you will explain and defend your thesis.
    Identify the major themes and sections of your essay.  Include notes indicating the argum代 写SOSC1000. Research EssayMatlab 代做程序编程语言ents and  sources you will use in each section.  Your outline can be in point form, but it must be presented in a manner that is clear and easy to understand.
    This outline will provide the foundation to write your first draft of the paper.  Your tutorial leader will provide you with feedback so that you are able to proceed to the next stage with confidence. Distribution of grade: #1. Bibliography (4 marks max.).  Appropriate sources, relevant, credible, citation method is correct #2 Annotations  (6 marks max.)  Accurate and effective demonstration of knowledge #3 Thesis (2 marks max.) Thoughtful response to questions.  Thesis updated accordingly #4 Outline (3 marks max.) Plan is clearly identified.  Logical order is established. ****All sections must be numbered to ensure grades are not missed. SOSC100. Research Essay. Stage 3 Working thesis, introduction and argument. Worth 5%, Due January 28 by 5pm For stage three, students are expected to deliver a developed working thesis, and introduction that sets out a clear argument for their essay. Please submit the following:
  Working thesis in developed form. [1-2 sentences] Review your first draft and working thesis and ask yourself:
DoI answer the question asked of the assignment? o Rephrase the assignment objective on page 1 of the assignment document and consider it phrased as a question (i.e.  How can course material from week 1-5 help me understand X)?
Have I taken a position that others might challenge or oppose? o If you simply state facts, or provide information, you are likely only presenting a summary. You need to do something with the information.  Find your way into make an argument.
Is my thesis statement focused and specific enough? o A strong thesis provides a clear sense of direction, establishes a sense of priority and parameters for discussion.  If your thesis contains qualitative words like ‘good’, or ‘important’ push yourself to be more specific – why is it good or important?  Be clear.
Does my thesis pass the “So what?” test? o If a reader’s first response is likely to be “So what?” then you need to clarify - forge a relationship and connect to a larger issue.  Why is this important?  What are the implications that you want the reader to appreciate?
Does my essay support my thesis specifically and without wandering? o If your thesis does not seem togo with the body of your essay, one of them has to change.
Does my thesis pass the “how and why?” test? o If a reader’s first response is “how?” or “why?” your thesis maybe too open-ended and lack guidance for the reader. See what you can add to give the reader a better take on your position right from the beginning.
  Introduction + 3 pages (minimum) of essay beyond that.
    Your introduction should put your essay into context, establishing a strong foundation, and providing a clear sense of direction and priorities for your essay.  Be sure to explain the key terms you will be using (and how you will be using them).  The aim is to provide a road map that indicateshow your essay will answer the assignment objectives and confirm your position.
  Provide an assessment of the work completed and work ahead [50-100 words]
    At what stage of ‘readiness’ is your draft at this point?  How did you get here?
    What do you have left to do?  Where do you most need another set of eyes?
    What kind of feedback is going to be most helpful for you at this point? Distribution of grade: #1. Thesis (2 marks) Answers objectives (applies mat’l); Focused  developed re: position, purpose, significance #2. Introduction (2 marks) Locates paper viz. important connections, response to assignment objectives, map #3.  Self-Assessment of work completed and remaining (1 mark)  Adequate prep, manageable plan for completion ****All sections must be numbered.  Sections not labelled, or completed will receive an automatic zero. SOSC100.  Research Essay. Stage 4 Poster Design, Discussion and Peer Critique (in tutorial) Worth 7% of final grade, due week of February 25th For stage four of the research essay, students will be required to design an 11X17 poster to showcase their learning on their topic.  Students will submit their poster, along with a 1 page explanation to the assignment dropbox.  Tutorial time will be dedicated to student discussion of the posters, providing students with an opportunity to collaborate and improve on their work in progress. A precise grade breakdown for stage 4 will be provided in the first week of February with the aim of taking preparation for stage 3 into consideration, to provide students with detailed guidelines for stage 4 that will be particularly instructive as they proceed with work on the final stages of their essays. SOSC100.  Research Essay. Stage 5 Final Essay Worth 10% of final grade, March 18 by 5pm The final essay brings together the work you have done in the previous stages.  Your essay should include an introduction, main body and conclusion, with your position/thesis supported throughout.  Be sure to incorporate relevant material from the sources you have read.  Include reference to at least four academic sources that you have read (in addition to the relevant course material). Cite all the sources used.  Plagiarism and academic dishonesty are serious offences. The punishment can be severe, make sure you are aware of the consequences!   Review:
   SPARK resources and definitions re: ‘Plagiarism’ and ‘Academic Integrity’
York U. policies disciplinary actionre: Academic Honesty Format: Essay (introduction, main body that develops the argument and conclusion) Length: 2000- 3000words/8-12 pages (eg. 150-200wd Intro, 1600-2200wd Body, 150-250wd.Conc.) Font size and spacing: 12pt font, double spaced with standard margins Title page: Not required Citations: APA style. Sources: 5-10 credible, current relevant [See: Purdue page on ‘ Evaluating Sources: General Guidelines’] Reminders:
  Your introduction ought to present your informed point of view on the topic, or issue to be explored in the essay.  Provide the reader with the necessary information to understand your paper (i.e. identify important connections, explain key terms, etc.), and indicate the order in which your paper will proceed.  This will help the reader know what to expect.  Tip: The introduction is    where you set the tone and parameters of your paper.  Don’t waste the opportunity to make a good first impression! Communicate clearly, and precisely so that your reader knows what to expect, and why they should keep reading.
  This is an analytical paper, not a descriptive one (i.e. not just arestatement of information found as part of your research).  Use your sources and the information that you found in service of developing and defending your informed point of view.  Ask yourself:  how has this challenged, or    helped me develop my point of view?  Be sure that you can account for the material that you have included.  Avoid including material arbitrarily (i.e. random references, or quotes that are not explained or discussed in relation to the point of view you are putting forward in your paper). This will only create confusion and open your essay to greater scrutiny.
  Be sure that you are always clear and precise.  The reader should never be confused about what you mean, where you are getting information from, or how things connect.  It is your job to ensure you are communicating effectively.  Take time to review and edit carefully. Submit:
   Your final essay, including a complete bibliography.  A title page is not required.
   A completed and signed copy of theAcademic Integrity checklist Grade distribution and criteria: 10 marks1/10. Introduction - Establishes context, sets clear parameters (material, purpose, position, direction)1/10. Research - Consulted credible sources; Demonstrates knowledge/awareness of topic and issues4/10. Course material - Thoughtful, precise application; Supports analysis, sustains discussion 4/10. Composition – Easy to follow; Points are logically connected; Correct grammar spelling, punctuation; Sources are cited.

  加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
 
